pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: "page"
permalink: "/about/"
css: "about"
path: "about"
---

## The Development Team!
These are the guys that keep the mod running!

<div class="cards">
	{% for about in site.data.about.devteam %}
	<div>
		<img src="{{ '/assets/about/' | append: about.header | append: '.png' | relative_url }}">
		<img src="{{ '/assets/about/' | append: about.icon | append: '.png' | relative_url }}" style="background:{{ card.color }};">
		<h2>{{ about.title }}</h2>
		<div>{{ about.description }}</div>
	</div>
	{% endfor %}
</div>

---

## Special thanks and credits

### About
Mine Little Pony was created in 2011 by Verdana, and has grown since then with art and code contributed by many different people. While it's experienced some changes over the years, and is run by an entirely different team now, at it's heart it's still the same mod you all know and love. This page is a special thanks to all the talented artists, coders, and people who have contributed to the mod's development over the years. Without you we wouldn't be where we are today!

![Splash screen]({{ '/assets/about/splash_screen.png' | relative_url }})

### Previous developers
- Special thanks to **Verdana** for creating the original version of the mod, we wouldn't be here today without him!
- Thanks to **Mumfrey** for creating HDskins, we wouldn't have our skinning functionaility without his help!
- Thanks to **thatapplefreak** for porting the mod to 1.7

### Website Stuff
- Special thanks to **[Keupoz](https://github.com/keupoz){:target="_blank"}** for updating the site to Jekyll, this was a huge help and a long delayed project that we couldn't have hoped to finish without their help!

### Code
- Special thanks to **Killjoy** for unofficially maintaining the mod
- Special thanks to **Solly** for all the hard work he's put into this mod, including coding many of the recent additions and revamping all of the skins!
- This mod was originally based on the [Player Model API](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/minecraft-mods/1274437-1-1-0-player-model-api-2-1){:target="_blank"} by **Binkan Salaryman**. It's a great mod, and he's a great guy. Thanks Binkan Salaryman!
- Thanks to **BlueAgent** for the current Forge and Spoutcraft compatibility
- Thanks to **Mumfrey** and **the Voxel Mod Pack** team for LiteLoader and most of the HD skins code
- Thanks to **ShetiPhian** for the new models, the advanced skinning technique, and the pony armour
- Thanks to **Ha3** for the galloping animation and numerous bugfixes and improvements
- Thanks to **Noppes** for help getting this working with ModLoader
- Thanks to **XTwilight3** for providing a Forge patch for previous versions
- Thanks to **Tux2** for providing the original Spoutcraft and Forge support

## Skins
Thanks to all the artists who created original My Little Pony skins for Minecraft. It was your work that inspired Verdana to make this mod, and he borrowed a lot of ideas (and quite a few pixels) from your original skins. Twilight Sparkle, Rarity and Applejack (as well as many other ponies) were originally based on skins by **k9saurus**. Celestia and Luna were based on a skin by **peaceiscloser**. Fluttershy was based on a skin by **paladinwat** (which itself was based on skins by **kirapt0r**, **netbelleanie**/**rawriza**, and **kjhf**...). It's unfortunately unknown where he got the skin that he based the new Rainbow Dash skin on, if it was you then thanks. The other skins were based at least in part on the work of these artists.

Extra special thanks to all of the talented skin artists who made new skin files just for this mod:

- **DaBethster** for allowing us to use her HD changeling skin as a reference on the updated skinning guide!
- **AlphaSpaceWombat** who made Cotton Pie Joe, Fluttershy (bunny costume), King Sombra, Pinkie Pie (no mouth), Pinkie Pie (spy costume), Shining Armor (horn broken), Tailor the Tailor, Ambrosia, Banana Fluff, Guard Commanders, Donut Joe, Featherweight, Fruitbasket, Hairy Tipper, Mjölna, normal Armoured Royual Guards, Salty, Silverspeed, Sugar Berry, Sunstreak, Wildfire, Soarin' (in Wonderbolt suit), updated Princess Celestia, Princess Luna, Gala Twilight Sparkle, crazy Pinkie, workout Pinkie and Winter Wrap Up Pinkie, (and Winter Wrap Up Fluttershy), (and Winter Warp Up Rarity), Zecora, Caramel, Cranky Doodle Donkey, Mr and Mrs Cake, Noteworthy, Spitfire (in Wonderbolt outfit), Vinyl Scratch, Cloudchaser, Snips and Snails (and the older versions of Flim and Flam, Rainbow Dash (and Winter Wrap Up Rainbow Dash), Twilight Sparkle, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, Rarity, Applejack, Applebloom, Scootaloo, Sweetie Belle, Big Macintosh, Derpy Hooves, Cheerilee, Mayor Mare, and Octavia). He also made Trixie's Alicorn amulet and the Winter Wrap Up uniforms for Applejack and Rainbow Dash
- **CJ_Bland** who made original Cheerilee, original Spitfire, and (most of) original Trixie
- **dann494** who made Nightmare Moon, the armoured changeling, alicorn Mare Do Well, and the unicorn night guard
- **HarlequinQueen** who made The Changeling Queen Chrysalis, Granny Smith (and young Granny Smith), Changeling, Wedding Cadence, Wedding Shining Armour, Lunar Guard, Gala Fluttershy, Gala Pinkie Pie, Spitfire without Wonderbolt suit, Apple Cider, Apple Strudel, Big Wig, Chelsea Porcelain, Fiddlesticks (with and without hat), Giselle, Gizmo, Happy Trails, Jangles, Masquerade, Math Teacher, Morton Saltworthy, Mr Waddle, Picture Perfect, Sapphire Shores, Screw Loose, Sharpener, Silver String and Symphony, updated Doctor Whooves, Screball, and Post Haste (she also made Rarity's glasses)
- **lightdasher** who made Aloe, Berry Punch, Cherry, Lotus, original Princess Luna (S2), the original Mayor, Nurse Redheart, and Roseluck
- **Mr_Stev** who made Applejack's new mane and cutie mark
- **NazzyDragon** who made the original Big Mac, Blueberry Muffin, Brolly, Chocolate Sun, Crescent, Golden Harvest, original Lyra Heartstrings, Holly Dash, Lemon Tart, North Pole, Orange Box, Orchid Dew, unarmoured Pegasus Guard, Raindrop, Roy G Bow, Soarin (without Wonderbolts suit), Star Sparkle, Under D Weather, Unicorn Guard, Velvet Hooves, and original Trixie's cutie mark
- **P47HFIND3R** who made the rock costumes for the CMCs
- **Parchment_Pen** who made Gilda the Griffon
- **Rena-kun** who made Cherries Jubilee, Daring Do (tweaked by me to use advanced skinning), Diamond Tiara, Flithy Rich, Post Haste and Silver Spoon
- **SF Legend** who made Allie Way, Blinky Pie, Clyde, Daisy, Dinky Doo, Film Reel, Fleetfoot, Fleur, Horte Cuisine, Inky Pie, Junebug, Lightning Bolt, Lilly, Mr Cake, Mrs Cake, Noteworthy, Pipsqueak, Prince Bluebloot, Screwball, Sea Swirl, Sparkler, Sue and The Dude
- **Silverwhisker** who made Shining Armour, Twist, Mulia Mild, the Mysterious Mare Do Well and updated Trixie, Colgate, Lyra and Bon Bon
- **SnyderTime86** who made original Applejack (with hat) original Apple Bloom, Braeburn, Fancy Pants, Photo Finish, Ruby Pinch, original Scootaloo, original Sweetie Belle and Zecora. SnyderTime86 also updated most of the original ponies from the first release of the mod to be at least 20% cooler in 0.4
- **SteadyUA** who made the alternative version of the Lunar Guard
- **Stephanoodle** who made Apple Fritter, Babs Seed, Discord, Lightning Dust, Princess Cadence, Thunderlane, and updated Applejack (with and without hat, and Winter Wrap Up), Trixie, Scootaloo, Apple Bloom, Big Mac, Cheerilee, Octavia, Braeburn, Twist, Sweetie Belle, Flam, Flim, Derpy Hooves, Shining Armour, Rarity, Pinkie Pie, Twilight Sparkle (and Alicorn Princess / Princess Coronation versions), Applejack, Fluttershy, Daring Do, Rainbow Dash (and Gala and Wonderbolt Cadet versions), The Changeling Queen Chrysalis, and Mayor Mare
- **Sunny** who made Amethyst Star, Dizzy Twister, Flitter, High Style, Merry May, Pretty Vision, Red Gala, Soigne Folio and Stella

Verdana originally messed around with some of their skins a bit before adding them to the mod in some cases, so if you don't like something about any of the skins then that was probably his fault rather than any of these people who are all amazing.

The skins for the mobs were originally made by Verdana, inspired by the default Minecraft mobs. The zombies used some elements from the mob skins in the [Love&nbsp;and&nbsp;Tolerance](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture_pack/love-and-tolerance-texture-pack/){:target="_blank"} texture pack. The skeletons were made by **dann494**.

**Solly** revamped every skin in the mod and skinpack in order to update them to the new format. Special thanks to him for spending the time and effort on this endeavor, his work on this is really appreciated.

**Zombie** Revamped the current skinning guide in order to showcase the new features and skinning techniques for the newer models.

## Other things
- Thanks to **Zombie** for refreshing the skinning guide, coding the new about page, and maintaining the website.
- Thanks to [MuseWhimsy](https://musewhimsy.deviantart.com){:target="_blank"} for designing [the Mine Little Pony logo](https://verdanarepublic.deviantart.com/art/Mine-Little-Pony-logo-333184067){:target="_blank"}
- Thanks to **dann494** for the images explaining skinning and his constant feedback and support on the forums
- Thanks to **oskarek11** who drew the image of Princess Celestia from which I borrowed the hair in [the header image](https://mega.nz/#!YBZT0KCa!ubCikvjkLVgziA58yMehTrhZPBRje45M8jsXVYPF1Vw){:target="_blank"}
- Kudos to the original pony mod (Verdana didn't use any of the code but someone else had the idea first) posted on ponycraft.net (now removed, [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20130124171230/http://ponycraft.net:80/){:target="_blank"})
- Thanks to everyone in [MinecraftForum.net thread](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/minecraft-mods/1278090-mine-little-pony-v1-6-4-1){:target="_blank"} and on brohoof.com ([archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20150502042354/http://www.brohoof.com:80/){:target="_blank"}) for your feedback, testing and support so far
- This mod uses Mumfrey's [LiteLoader](https://www.liteloader.com){:target="_blank"}. Need a tick and don't want much else? LiteLoader might be the lightweight mod loader you've been waiting for!
- This mod was made with **MCP**. Thanks to Searge and the MCP team, without whom this mod would not be possible
- Thanks to **Mojang** and **Hasbro**, best companies, for creating Minecraft and My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic

Commit message:

Added custom description to each page

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: "page"
permalink: "/about/"
css: "about"
path: "about"
description: "This page is a special thanks to all the talented artists, coders, and people who have contributed to the mod's development over the years. Without you we wouldn't be where we are today!"
---

## The Development Team!
These are the guys that keep the mod running!

<div class="cards">
	{% for about in site.data.about.devteam %}
	<div>
		<img src="{{ '/assets/about/' | append: about.header | append: '.png' | relative_url }}">
		<img src="{{ '/assets/about/' | append: about.icon | append: '.png' | relative_url }}" style="background:{{ card.color }};">
		<h2>{{ about.title }}</h2>
		<div>{{ about.description }}</div>
	</div>
	{% endfor %}
</div>

---

## Special thanks and credits

### About
Mine Little Pony was created in 2011 by Verdana, and has grown since then with art and code contributed by many different people. While it's experienced some changes over the years, and is run by an entirely different team now, at it's heart it's still the same mod you all know and love. This page is a special thanks to all the talented artists, coders, and people who have contributed to the mod's development over the years. Without you we wouldn't be where we are today!

![Splash screen]({{ '/assets/about/splash_screen.png' | relative_url }})

### Previous developers
- Special thanks to **Verdana** for creating the original version of the mod, we wouldn't be here today without him!
- Thanks to **Mumfrey** for creating HDskins, we wouldn't have our skinning functionaility without his help!
- Thanks to **thatapplefreak** for porting the mod to 1.7

### Website Stuff
- Special thanks to **[Keupoz](https://github.com/keupoz){:target="_blank"}** for updating the site to Jekyll, this was a huge help and a long delayed project that we couldn't have hoped to finish without their help!

### Code
- Special thanks to **Killjoy** for unofficially maintaining the mod
- Special thanks to **Solly** for all the hard work he's put into this mod, including coding many of the recent additions and revamping all of the skins!
- This mod was originally based on the [Player Model API](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/minecraft-mods/1274437-1-1-0-player-model-api-2-1){:target="_blank"} by **Binkan Salaryman**. It's a great mod, and he's a great guy. Thanks Binkan Salaryman!
- Thanks to **BlueAgent** for the current Forge and Spoutcraft compatibility
- Thanks to **Mumfrey** and **the Voxel Mod Pack** team for LiteLoader and most of the HD skins code
- Thanks to **ShetiPhian** for the new models, the advanced skinning technique, and the pony armour
- Thanks to **Ha3** for the galloping animation and numerous bugfixes and improvements
- Thanks to **Noppes** for help getting this working with ModLoader
- Thanks to **XTwilight3** for providing a Forge patch for previous versions
- Thanks to **Tux2** for providing the original Spoutcraft and Forge support

## Skins
Thanks to all the artists who created original My Little Pony skins for Minecraft. It was your work that inspired Verdana to make this mod, and he borrowed a lot of ideas (and quite a few pixels) from your original skins. Twilight Sparkle, Rarity and Applejack (as well as many other ponies) were originally based on skins by **k9saurus**. Celestia and Luna were based on a skin by **peaceiscloser**. Fluttershy was based on a skin by **paladinwat** (which itself was based on skins by **kirapt0r**, **netbelleanie**/**rawriza**, and **kjhf**...). It's unfortunately unknown where he got the skin that he based the new Rainbow Dash skin on, if it was you then thanks. The other skins were based at least in part on the work of these artists.

Extra special thanks to all of the talented skin artists who made new skin files just for this mod:

- **DaBethster** for allowing us to use her HD changeling skin as a reference on the updated skinning guide!
- **AlphaSpaceWombat** who made Cotton Pie Joe, Fluttershy (bunny costume), King Sombra, Pinkie Pie (no mouth), Pinkie Pie (spy costume), Shining Armor (horn broken), Tailor the Tailor, Ambrosia, Banana Fluff, Guard Commanders, Donut Joe, Featherweight, Fruitbasket, Hairy Tipper, Mjölna, normal Armoured Royual Guards, Salty, Silverspeed, Sugar Berry, Sunstreak, Wildfire, Soarin' (in Wonderbolt suit), updated Princess Celestia, Princess Luna, Gala Twilight Sparkle, crazy Pinkie, workout Pinkie and Winter Wrap Up Pinkie, (and Winter Wrap Up Fluttershy), (and Winter Warp Up Rarity), Zecora, Caramel, Cranky Doodle Donkey, Mr and Mrs Cake, Noteworthy, Spitfire (in Wonderbolt outfit), Vinyl Scratch, Cloudchaser, Snips and Snails (and the older versions of Flim and Flam, Rainbow Dash (and Winter Wrap Up Rainbow Dash), Twilight Sparkle, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, Rarity, Applejack, Applebloom, Scootaloo, Sweetie Belle, Big Macintosh, Derpy Hooves, Cheerilee, Mayor Mare, and Octavia). He also made Trixie's Alicorn amulet and the Winter Wrap Up uniforms for Applejack and Rainbow Dash
- **CJ_Bland** who made original Cheerilee, original Spitfire, and (most of) original Trixie
- **dann494** who made Nightmare Moon, the armoured changeling, alicorn Mare Do Well, and the unicorn night guard
- **HarlequinQueen** who made The Changeling Queen Chrysalis, Granny Smith (and young Granny Smith), Changeling, Wedding Cadence, Wedding Shining Armour, Lunar Guard, Gala Fluttershy, Gala Pinkie Pie, Spitfire without Wonderbolt suit, Apple Cider, Apple Strudel, Big Wig, Chelsea Porcelain, Fiddlesticks (with and without hat), Giselle, Gizmo, Happy Trails, Jangles, Masquerade, Math Teacher, Morton Saltworthy, Mr Waddle, Picture Perfect, Sapphire Shores, Screw Loose, Sharpener, Silver String and Symphony, updated Doctor Whooves, Screball, and Post Haste (she also made Rarity's glasses)
- **lightdasher** who made Aloe, Berry Punch, Cherry, Lotus, original Princess Luna (S2), the original Mayor, Nurse Redheart, and Roseluck
- **Mr_Stev** who made Applejack's new mane and cutie mark
- **NazzyDragon** who made the original Big Mac, Blueberry Muffin, Brolly, Chocolate Sun, Crescent, Golden Harvest, original Lyra Heartstrings, Holly Dash, Lemon Tart, North Pole, Orange Box, Orchid Dew, unarmoured Pegasus Guard, Raindrop, Roy G Bow, Soarin (without Wonderbolts suit), Star Sparkle, Under D Weather, Unicorn Guard, Velvet Hooves, and original Trixie's cutie mark
- **P47HFIND3R** who made the rock costumes for the CMCs
- **Parchment_Pen** who made Gilda the Griffon
- **Rena-kun** who made Cherries Jubilee, Daring Do (tweaked by me to use advanced skinning), Diamond Tiara, Flithy Rich, Post Haste and Silver Spoon
- **SF Legend** who made Allie Way, Blinky Pie, Clyde, Daisy, Dinky Doo, Film Reel, Fleetfoot, Fleur, Horte Cuisine, Inky Pie, Junebug, Lightning Bolt, Lilly, Mr Cake, Mrs Cake, Noteworthy, Pipsqueak, Prince Bluebloot, Screwball, Sea Swirl, Sparkler, Sue and The Dude
- **Silverwhisker** who made Shining Armour, Twist, Mulia Mild, the Mysterious Mare Do Well and updated Trixie, Colgate, Lyra and Bon Bon
- **SnyderTime86** who made original Applejack (with hat) original Apple Bloom, Braeburn, Fancy Pants, Photo Finish, Ruby Pinch, original Scootaloo, original Sweetie Belle and Zecora. SnyderTime86 also updated most of the original ponies from the first release of the mod to be at least 20% cooler in 0.4
- **SteadyUA** who made the alternative version of the Lunar Guard
- **Stephanoodle** who made Apple Fritter, Babs Seed, Discord, Lightning Dust, Princess Cadence, Thunderlane, and updated Applejack (with and without hat, and Winter Wrap Up), Trixie, Scootaloo, Apple Bloom, Big Mac, Cheerilee, Octavia, Braeburn, Twist, Sweetie Belle, Flam, Flim, Derpy Hooves, Shining Armour, Rarity, Pinkie Pie, Twilight Sparkle (and Alicorn Princess / Princess Coronation versions), Applejack, Fluttershy, Daring Do, Rainbow Dash (and Gala and Wonderbolt Cadet versions), The Changeling Queen Chrysalis, and Mayor Mare
- **Sunny** who made Amethyst Star, Dizzy Twister, Flitter, High Style, Merry May, Pretty Vision, Red Gala, Soigne Folio and Stella

Verdana originally messed around with some of their skins a bit before adding them to the mod in some cases, so if you don't like something about any of the skins then that was probably his fault rather than any of these people who are all amazing.

The skins for the mobs were originally made by Verdana, inspired by the default Minecraft mobs. The zombies used some elements from the mob skins in the [Love&nbsp;and&nbsp;Tolerance](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture_pack/love-and-tolerance-texture-pack/){:target="_blank"} texture pack. The skeletons were made by **dann494**.

**Solly** revamped every skin in the mod and skinpack in order to update them to the new format. Special thanks to him for spending the time and effort on this endeavor, his work on this is really appreciated.

**Zombie** Revamped the current skinning guide in order to showcase the new features and skinning techniques for the newer models.

## Other things
- Thanks to **Zombie** for refreshing the skinning guide, coding the new about page, and maintaining the website.
- Thanks to [MuseWhimsy](https://musewhimsy.deviantart.com){:target="_blank"} for designing [the Mine Little Pony logo](https://verdanarepublic.deviantart.com/art/Mine-Little-Pony-logo-333184067){:target="_blank"}
- Thanks to **dann494** for the images explaining skinning and his constant feedback and support on the forums
- Thanks to **oskarek11** who drew the image of Princess Celestia from which I borrowed the hair in [the header image](https://mega.nz/#!YBZT0KCa!ubCikvjkLVgziA58yMehTrhZPBRje45M8jsXVYPF1Vw){:target="_blank"}
- Kudos to the original pony mod (Verdana didn't use any of the code but someone else had the idea first) posted on ponycraft.net (now removed, [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20130124171230/http://ponycraft.net:80/){:target="_blank"})
- Thanks to everyone in [MinecraftForum.net thread](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/minecraft-mods/1278090-mine-little-pony-v1-6-4-1){:target="_blank"} and on brohoof.com ([archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20150502042354/http://www.brohoof.com:80/){:target="_blank"}) for your feedback, testing and support so far
- This mod uses Mumfrey's [LiteLoader](https://www.liteloader.com){:target="_blank"}. Need a tick and don't want much else? LiteLoader might be the lightweight mod loader you've been waiting for!
- This mod was made with **MCP**. Thanks to Searge and the MCP team, without whom this mod would not be possible
- Thanks to **Mojang** and **Hasbro**, best companies, for creating Minecraft and My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic
