pages/installation.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: "/installation/"
path: "installation"
css: "article"
title: "Installation guide"
description: "Learn about how to install Mine Little Pony mod!"
---

## Contents
{:.no_toc}

- Table of contents
{:toc}

## Download Mine Little Pony and LiteLoader {#step1}
Mine Little Pony requires the mod loader LiteLoader in order to run. Download the Mine Little Pony mod and the LiteLoader installer from the front page
![Downloaded files]({{ '/assets/installation/step1.png' | relative_url }})

## Installing LiteLoader {#step2}
Download the appropriate installer for your operating system: download the `.exe` installer if you are using Windows and `.jar` for other operating systems. Open the installer and follow the instructions on screen
![LiteLoader installer]({{ '/assets/installation/step2.png' | relative_url }})

## Installing Mine Little Pony {#step3}
The Mine Little Pony mod should have a `.litemod` extension. Place the `.litemod` file in the `mods` folder that has been created in your `minecraft` root folder
![Path to Mine Little Pony mod file]({{ '/assets/installation/step3.png' | relative_url }})

## Select the LiteLoader profile and play! {#step4}
If everything was done correctly, a new Minecraft profile named like "LiteLoader" with installed version in the name should appear in the drop down menu. Choose that profile and launch the game and you're done! Congratulations on your newfound poniness!
![Selecting installed profile]({{ '/assets/installation/step4.1.png' | relative_url }})
![Your player model in the game should look like this]({{ '/assets/installation/step4.2.png' | relative_url }})

Commit message:

Installation Guide update
For any legacy version installation questions please visit the new legacy install page.

pages/installation.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: "/installation/"
path: "installation"
css: "article"
title: "Installation guide"
description: "Learn how to install the Mine Little Pony mod!"
---

## Contents
{:.no_toc}

- Table of contents
{:toc}

## For Legacy Versions (1.12 and below)
The installation guide for versions of Mine Little Pony prior to Minecraft 1.14 can be found <a href="https://minelittlepony-mod.com/installation-legacy">Here</a>

## Download Mine Little Pony and Fabric {#step1}
Mine Little Pony requires the mod loader Fabric in order to run. Download the Mine Little Pony mod and the Fabric installer from the front page
![Downloaded files]({{ '/assets/installation/step1.png' | relative_url }})

## Installing Fabric {#step2}
Download the appropriate installer for your operating system: download the `.exe` installer if you are using Windows and `.jar` for other operating systems. Open the installer and follow the instructions on screen
![Fabric installer]({{ '/assets/installation/step2.png' | relative_url }})

## Installing Mine Little Pony {#step3}
The Mine Little Pony mod should have a `.jar` extension. Place the `.jar` file in the `mods` folder that has been created in your `minecraft` root folder. Be sure to also download and move the <a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api">Fabric API .jar</a> into the mods folder as well.
![Path to Mine Little Pony mod file]({{ '/assets/installation/step3.png' | relative_url }})

## Select the Fabric-Loader profile and play! {#step4}
If everything was done correctly, a new Minecraft profile named  "Fabric-Loader" with the installed version in the name should appear in the drop down menu. Choose that profile and launch the game and you're done! Congratulations on your newfound poniness!
![Selecting installed profile]({{ '/assets/installation/step4.1.png' | relative_url }})
![Your player model in the game should look like this]({{ '/assets/installation/step4.2.png' | relative_url }})
